This directory is considered a sort of "database" for the simulations to be
performed in the frame of the AdriaClim INTERREG IT-HR project, by ARPA FVG
(PP11).

The role of all the files, which are stored in this directory, can be
understood first by reading this README file and then by reading the header of
each of them.

This README file is arranged in the two following Sections, the reading of
which is mandatory, if it has not already been addressed before:

  1) CLASSIFICATION OF SIMULATIONS;
  2) HOW TO CLASSIFY A NEW SIMULATION.


+----------------------------------+
| 1) CLASSIFICATION OF SIMULATIONS +
+----------------------------------+

All the simulations performed by ARPA FVG (PP11, AdriaClim INTERREG IT-HR
project) are classified according to an alphanumeric identification code,
composed by 15 characters. Moreover, in order for the simulations to be
described comprehensively, a README file is associated to each of them.

The classification to be used to identify all the simulations performed by
ARPA FVG, in the frame of the AdriaClim INTERREG IT-HR project, is defined
as follows:

  - the run associated to a simulation is identified by an alphanumeric code,
    composed by 15 characters (see the "main_table.csv" file belonging to this
    directory);
  - the alphanumeric code is composed by a first part (left side) of 10
    characters and by a second part (right side) of 4 characters. The two
    parts are separated by the Underscore special character ("_");
  - the first part of the alphanumeric code is divided in 5 couples of
    numbers in hexadecimal base, i.e. each character can be an element of
    the following set: {0, 1, 2, 3, 4, 5, 6, 7, 8, 9, A, B, C, D, E, F};
  - the first part of the alphanumeric code identifies the class of the run,
    as a function of 5 fundamental features;
  - the 5 fundamental features mentioned above are the following:
      - characters 1-2: identification number of the project;
      - characters 3-4: identification number of the type of reality or
        simulated phenomenon, in the frame of the project;
      - characters 5-6: identification number of the area of the domain, which
        has as object the reality or phenomenon to simulate;
      - characters 7-8: identification number of the temporal features of the
        simulation;
      - characters 9-10: identification number of the time coverage of the
        simulation;
  - the second part of the alphanumeric code is divided in 2 couples of numbers
    in hexadecimal base, i.e. each character can be an element of the
    following set: {0, 1, 2, 3, 4, 5, 6, 7, 8, 9, A, B, C, D, E, F};
  - the second part of the alphanumeric code identifies the run within the
    class defined by the first part of the code, as a function of 2 features;
  - the 2 features mentioned above are the following:
      - characters 12-13: identification number of the type of initial and boundary
        conditions, and forcing;
      - characters 14-15: progressive number, in hexadecimal base, of the class
	    identified by characters 1-13.

Moreover, in order for the simulations to be described in comprehensively, with
specific features that are not provided by the alphanumeric identification code,
a README file has to be written for each of them. The README file is peculiar to
each simulation and has to be stored in the specific directory containing that
simulation.


+-------------------------------------+
| 2) HOW TO CLASSIFY A NEW SIMULATION +
+-------------------------------------+

When a new simulation has to be classified, i.e. the alphanumeric
identification code has to be attributed to it and its associated README file
has to be written, please proceed as explained below:

  A. define the first part of the identification code according to the
     classification used, and rules defined, by CRMA-ARPA FVG (Centro Regionale
     di Modellistica Ambientale, ARPA FVG), that can be found at the following
     link, accessible via RUPAR-FVG (regional telematic network of Friuli-
	 Venezia Giulia region) only, in the section named "Classificazione di una
     nuova simulazione":
     http://ms05lxarpa.arpa.fvg.it/wiki/index.php/Elenco_simulazioni 

  B. check if the 5 couples of numbers in hexadecimal base, used to define the
     first part of the alphanumeric identification code, are all already
     defined in the following files belonging to this directory. If not, then
     edit the not updated files, by adding the missing couples of numbers, with
     criteria and in ascending order (CRMA-ARPA FVG rules): 

       a) "char_01-02_table.csv": file containing the list of projects already
          considered (characters 1-2 of the alphanumeric identification code);
       b) "char_03-04_table.csv": file containing the list of types of reality or
          simulated phenomena already considered (characters 3-4 of the
          alphanumeric identification code);
       c) "char_05-06_table.csv": file containing the list of domains already
          considered (characters 5-6 of the alphanumeric identification code);
       d) "char_07-08_table.csv": file containing the list of temporal features
          already considered (characters 7-8 of the alphanumeric identification
          code);
       e) "char_09-10_table.csv": file containing the list of time coverages
          already considered (characters 9-10 of the alphanumeric
          identification code);

  C. define the second part of the identification code as follows:

       a) check if the simulation refers to a type of initial and boundary
          conditions, and forcing, already present in the
          "char_12-13_table.csv" file belonging to this directory (characters
          12-13 of the alphanumeric identification code). If not, then edit
          this file, by adding the missing identification number, with criteria
          and in ascending order (CRMA-ARPA FVG rules). Otherwise, attribute to
          the new simulation the corresponding identification number;
       b) attribute a progressive number (hexadecimal base) to the class
          identified by characters 1-13. To know which was the last progressive
          number used for this class, consult the "list_of_simulations.csv"
          file belonging to this directory;

  D. add the alphanumeric identification code, defined for the new simulation,
     to the "list_of_simulations.csv" file (in ascending order), attribute to
     it the status of the run and leave a note, to facilitate the handover
     between multiple users.
     A brief description of the attributable status is provided below:
       - "A" = the simulation run successfully till the end, hence it is
               available;
       - "C" = the pre-processing phase (e.g. preparation of input data files)
               is completed. The simulation is ready to be run;
       - "E" = the simulation has been erased;
       - "P" = the pre-processing phase (e.g. preparation of input data files)
               is in progress. The simulation is not ready to be run yet;
       - "R" = the simulation is running, hence it is not available yet.

  E. write the README file peculiar to the new simulation and store it in the
     directory containing that simulation. [A unified way to write the README
     file, peculiar to each simulation, has not been already defined. It will
     be provided soon].
